[PAN-OS] Edit documentation (#26949)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/Integrations/Panorama/README.md

### pan-os-list-rules
***
Returns a list of predefined Security Rules.

> (Note: When passing a query, all other arguments are overridden. Make sure the query includes all the filters you want)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Note**: When passing a query, all other arguments are overridden. Make sure the query includes all necessary filters.
```
